Update change-log.md (#85)
humanitec/about: docs/change-log.md

## Product Update February 24th, 2023

- **New:** Extended [MariaDB](https://docs.humanitec.com/integrations/resource-types/mariadb) and [MySQL](https://docs.humanitec.com/integrations/resource-types/mysql) driver inputs with optional parameter `privilege list` that will be applied to the generated user.

- **Fixed:** It is now possible to use browser's native Back button to return to the [App Overview screen](https://docs.humanitec.com/reference/user-interface/app-overview-screen).

- **Fixed:** Trailing whitespace characters are no longer removed from [Shared App Values and Secrets](https://docs.humanitec.com/using-humanitec/work-with-apps/define-app-values-and-secrets#app-level) inputs.

- **Fixed:** [Creating a delta via the API](https://api-docs.humanitec.com/#tag/Delta) and navigating to it by updating the draft id in the URL no longer causes the UI to be unresponsive.

- **Fixed:** Long deployment comments no longer overflow on the [deployment diff](https://docs.humanitec.com/using-humanitec/work-with-environments/deploy-to-environments/diff-deployments) dialog box. 

> - **Fixed:** If a deployment is in progress, the following deployments will no longer be accepted. Instead, they will be rejected with an HTTP 409 error.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Fixed:** To avoid disruption of ongoing deployments it is no longer possible to trigger a new deployment while a deployment is in progress.
```

Author: looks good?

> - **Improved:** Changed [cloning of the whole environment via UI](https://docs.humanitec.com/using-humanitec/work-with-environments/create-environment#create-a-new-environment) to use delta to match the process for [cloning individual workloads](https://docs.humanitec.com/using-humanitec/work-with-environments/clone-between-environments).

Author: @sujaya-sys based on the slack discussion added this, let me know what you think!

Reviewer: @MartaD I suggest:

- **Changed**: The clone of a whole environment now matches the process for cloning individual workloads. In both cases a new delta is created in the target environment.
- I'd link to https://docs.humanitec.com/using-humanitec/work-with-environments/clone-between-environments once and remove the link to https://docs.humanitec.com/using-humanitec/work-with-environments/create-environment#create-a-new-environment 

That being said, I actually don't think the change has any impact on the user's experience. I understood that this is a purely implementational change. @chrishumanitec am I missing something?

This document provides an overview of the changes we are making over time. Feel free to reach out to us in case of any specific questions.

## Product Update February 24th, 2023

> - **New:** Extended MariaDB and MySQL driver inputs with optional parameter `privilege list` that will be applied to the generated user.

Reviewer: - what do you mean by "generated user"?
- Can we link to: https://docs.humanitec.com/integrations/resource-types/mysql, https://docs.humanitec.com/integrations/resource-types/mariadb

Author: That's what is written in the copy in UI, I don't know what it means:
<img width="487" alt="Screenshot 2023-02-24 at 09 39 11" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1139124/221132065-d467f496-6184-4dd7-a5c6-ea40b7fbed42.png">

we can

Reviewer: Ah, I see. Makes sense.

> - **New:** Extended MariaDB and MySQL driver inputs with optional parameter `privilege list` that will be applied to the generated user.

Author: ```suggestion
- **New:** Extended [MariaDB](https://docs.humanitec.com/integrations/resource-types/mariadb) and [MySQL](https://docs.humanitec.com/integrations/resource-types/mysql) driver inputs with optional parameter `privilege list` that will be applied to the generated user.
```

> - **Fixed:** It is now possible to use browser's native Back button to return to the All Applications screen.

Author: This is the expected behavior, and it wasn't working previously. That's why I categorized it as fix but happy to change to imrpovement

- **Fixed:** Trailing whitespace characters are no longer removed from Shared App Values and Secrets inputs.

> - **Fixed:** A draft delta opened through a direct URL didn't render correctly in the UI.

Reviewer: - Would "Creating a delta via the API and navigating to it by updating the `draft id` in the URL no longer causes the UI to be unresponsive" work?

- Would link to: https://api-docs.humanitec.com/#tag/Delta from "creating a delta via the API"

> - **Fixed:** Long deployment commends expanding beyond [deployment diff](https://docs.humanitec.com/using-humanitec/work-with-environments/deploy-to-environments/diff-deployments) modal screen. 

Reviewer: - Would use "overflow" here instead of "expand"
- For example: "Long deployment comments no longer overflow on the deployment diff dialog box"

> - **Fixed:** If a deployment is in progress, the following deployments will no longer be accepted. Instead, they will be rejected with an HTTP 409 error.

Reviewer: Would something like "Triggering a new deployment while a deployment is in progress will throw an error" work? If possible I'd also add a note on why this is helpful / what pain point is being avoided with this.

Author: The problem was that the new deployment was accepted and caused issues if there was one already in progress, so the benefit is they're not accepted but rejected. Is "Triggering a new deployment while a deployment is in progress will throw an error" explaining that?

Reviewer: What do you think about "To avoid disruption of ongoing deployments it is no longer possible to trigger a new deployment while a deployment is in progress" ?

Author: perfect 😊

- **Fixed:** Updating an array in the terraform driver no longer changes it into a map.

> - **Improved:** Input names of Readiness and Liveness probes on [Workload Details Screen](https://docs.humanitec.com/reference/user-interface/workload-details-screen).

Reviewer: I think it'll be okay to skip this one. Since its just a minor wording change the user experience isn't really impacted here.

> - **Changed:** [Cloning of the whole environment via UI](https://docs.humanitec.com/using-humanitec/work-with-environments/create-environment#create-a-new-environment) to use delta to match the process for [cloning individual workloads](https://docs.humanitec.com/using-humanitec/work-with-environments/clone-between-environments).

Author: ```suggestion
- **Changed:** [Cloning a whole environment](https://docs.humanitec.com/using-humanitec/work-with-environments/clone-between-environments) now matches the process for cloning individual workloads. In both cases a new delta is created in the target environment.
```

> - **Improved:** Changed [cloning of the whole environment via UI](https://docs.humanitec.com/using-humanitec/work-with-environments/create-environment#create-a-new-environment) to use delta to match the process for [cloning individual workloads](https://docs.humanitec.com/using-humanitec/work-with-environments/clone-between-environments).

Author: ```suggestion
- **Changed:** [Cloning of the whole environment via UI](https://docs.humanitec.com/using-humanitec/work-with-environments/create-environment#create-a-new-environment) to use delta to match the process for [cloning individual workloads](https://docs.humanitec.com/using-humanitec/work-with-environments/clone-between-environments).
```
